ljewell: Hello. Hi.
ljewell: Yes, I can see you.
ljewell: Okay, how's it going, oh
ljewell: Okay.
Shawn Phalen: My name is Sean
ljewell: Yes, hello, just like the gymnast SHAWN JOHNSON
Shawn Phalen: And I'm gonna therapist here right hurt.
ljewell: Right, I understand.
And
Shawn Phalen: So I'm gonna just be asking you some background questions.
All right.
ljewell: Okay, why don't you go ahead and ask
ljewell: Questions relative to what you'd like to talk about
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so tell me what what brought you to write her
ljewell: What brought me to bright heart. Well, I have addiction problems. And I'm also in intractable pain from a
ljewell: skiing accident. I was a ski instructor. Now it's helicopter skiing and I hit a tree and I'm lost my leg and had to have an amputated. The company they put me on methadone and
ljewell: So I was on methadone for 18 years every day and it was a long time to long enough and
ljewell: So although I never tried to obtain any elicit street drugs or anything like that. I did.
ljewell: Abuse my methodology took more than I should have. And you know I steamed in order to get it and you know Dr hopped and did the various things that addicts will do in order to try to obtain their drug of choice. So
Shawn Phalen: Any legal trouble from
ljewell: legal trouble. No.
No.
ljewell: No.
Okay, and you were taking methadone for 18 years. Yes.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Any other time.
ljewell: Well, I tried hot when I was like 40 years ago and I tried coke about 40 years ago, but he gave me a heart palpitations on very frightened of it. So I just didn't like it. Okay. So how long have you been with
ljewell: Us since October.
Okay.
ljewell: Yes. That works beautifully. It helps phantom the phantom limb pain is really intractable. So it really helps with that and it helps beautifully.
ljewell: And it also really helps with any cravings, or, you know, stuff like that. So I don't know what this blue dialog boxes that just came on the Windows 10 update on
ljewell: It's a restart on gonna say, remind me later you there TV on in the background there. What a TV. Yes, you turn that down because I can hear you can hear the TV on. Sorry. Yeah. Can you turn that off just listening to the latest news.
ljewell: Can you just listening. Yeah. It's all right.
ljewell: Thank you. You're welcome. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So any. How about experiencing or have you experienced depression.
ljewell: Well,
ljewell: Yes, but I think that, you know, I'm not really a depressed person and I know am my friends and always
ljewell: Either referred to me as the eternal optimist and I don't know what that where that comes from. But I basically am a happy person. But I do get anxious. Again, a lot of anxiety, so that it's more my problem and depression. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Um, and the anxiety. When did they start
ljewell: Oh, I'd say since I was 15 okay panic attacks.
ljewell: Loading I guess you would call it when it refloating break loading anxiety I might be using an old school term.
ljewell: So,
Shawn Phalen: What do you do when you get anxiety. How do you do
ljewell: Well, I play guitar. I used to be a super sports fanatic myself, I would skydive Holly ski.
ljewell: gymnastics trampoline tennis every day. I couldn't imagine my life without doing some thrill seeking support, but
ljewell: Carefully though. I mean, but, you know, but I'd love to, you know, thrived on it and traveling, but I played guitar. I love to read
ljewell: My sister and I are very close, we get along well we I'd love a good sense of humor. I did stand up comedy in Maine, where I lived. And you know I love doing that play guitar and clubs, you know, so, you know, stuff like that. You talk to my sister in law. She's an LCS W.
ljewell: Yes yes yeah okay where does she live here. I live with her Crescent City, California. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so it's the to the edge. Yeah. Do you have any kids.
ljewell: No, I don't have any children. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: And do you work.
ljewell: I did I was a ski instructor and a gymnastics instructor and work with special ed kids as well and working in ski patrol.
ljewell: Okay. And how long is about the ambulance. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: How long have you been in paperwork.
ljewell: All about 20 years. Okay.
ljewell: So you're on disability. Yes, I am. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Honey, what do you do, how do you keep yourself busy.
ljewell: What do you do, what is it ain't easy. You know, I mean, I'm well I'm watch TV play guitar read
ljewell: audio books.
ljewell: Well, pretty much.
ljewell: You know you can't even go anywhere. And you know i mean you know with this coronavirus now.
ljewell: You know, I have to admit, like to go to the casino here and there, but I really liked like cards, you know, so I enjoy that, too, you know, but
ljewell: That's close to, I mean. So pretty much doing what everybody else is doing just hanging at home and just my mom is
ljewell: takes up a lot of my sisters and my time because she's at end of life support. She's a wonderful person. She's 90 years old will be in July and she's, uh,
ljewell: But she gets very frantic if we're not one of us isn't around at all times. And, you know, so like, you know, Mary Kastner and
ljewell: Rebecca, they really understand that. So I've had to cancel group or hop Walter early because my mom will be at the doorway thing, Jennifer. Jennifer. That's my name, you know and and comes up. It's my sister's computer. It's not mine, and
ljewell: She gets panicky, you know, and she now she's been such a wonderful mother, she deserves all our love and attention. And we tried our best to give a tour and you know that it can be very anxiety producing yeah and depression today. Yeah.
ljewell: And we are going to lose on
Shawn Phalen: Kind of fillet right
ljewell: Yeah. Yeah, definitely.
ljewell: Well her memories and relevant
ljewell: Really still oh yeah she has an amazing long term memory. I mean, she has Alzheimer's dementia. Unfortunately, as well as lung cancer, but, um, you know, she she loves to reminisce she loves to talk about, you know, a lot of her, you know,
ljewell: Things that she did with my dad. He was a great father and he died 2019 years ago and so
ljewell: You know they they met in Oberlin College in Ohio and, you know, and their life, they got married when they were 19
ljewell: And they stayed married to my dad died. You know, it was a really nice marriage. They were best friends. I mean, they would walk down the street together holding hands in their 70s, you know,
ljewell: And sit up all night.
ljewell: Yeah, and then joined us as children they that they said that's how they used to, if you ask them, they said well we enjoyed three girls there were three of us and
ljewell: My dad would take us hiking and climbing and sledding and skiing and ice skating and my mom took us on picnics. My dad Venus afterward after work. He was tennis and
ljewell: He would teach us how to swim and, you know, we go camping Amman talk with from New York, and we'd go Montauk Long Island every summer we go tent camping and the beach is our playground, but more
ljewell: Montauk campground was our playground and my dad, my mom. Wonderful. I mean, we just have my sister and I love to share childhood memories.
ljewell: And as I said, Lori, my sister and she's the only one that I can share these memories with my older sister died of multiple myeloma, six years ago. So after my mom. There's only more and I not Lori's married descent has a good solid marriage married for about
ljewell: 37 years me. I've been engaged to some pretty wonderful men about three times, but I never quite tied the knot, you know, kind of wished I had because, in retrospect, but
ljewell: It will be, I guess not too late, add it back out. Yeah. Well, one of them was Australian and yet he was wonderful. We met online, which, you know,
ljewell: It gets nowadays it's okay and you know but and I've been to Australia like four times, you know, and beautiful country great people, wonderful, fun things to do and
ljewell: But I think he was weird. He was what they call in and decoding. And I think there's to tell you about. We know about those guys. Yeah.
ljewell: They are attracted to women web know Lang, honest to god, there's a whole support group Google them and I was shocked when I found that out that he was only interested in
ljewell: You know, for that pretty much for that reason you would never have known about him and his brother was a playbook white really pretty, world renowned playwright then Paul when I was engaged to
ljewell: He worked for Qantas airlines is a clue coordinator and got free tickets and, you know, blah, blah, blah. And, you know, very professional very, um, you know, intelligent funny great sense of humor.
ljewell: But they had that hidden secret about them and it was no wonder why was a practical one with the Hubble a, you know, I mean, I can now I know you know there are a whole slew of them out there.
ljewell: You know they're they're called NPT devotees.
ljewell: Yeah, AMP love they love legless women. So, you know, my mom and I did well you know we did, we decided to get back at these times. Once you found out to because some of them are wannabes they want to have their own legs amputated we posted. We were living in mean I'm serious. On I'm serious.
ljewell: We said in the deep dark name woods. You can find not just would choppers or treat properly.
ljewell: choppers of other limbs come and dial chapel in happy.
ljewell: That
ljewell: We got more and through. You're not gonna believe that we had people wanting to send us money. And, you know, and then we post got it was a joke a sick one or be at the sick one but you know
ljewell: I know, but they really are there. They're out there.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, well that
ljewell: And it's a sexual frustration thing with these guys, it's you know it's I think it's because they which they are Wang was bigger than their brain. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: Well,
ljewell: I'm sorry, I don't know where sometimes my sister things I'm crazy, because sometimes these things pop out of my mouth and I don't know where it comes from, you know,
ljewell: It's a good thing that didn't work out. Yeah, I think you're right it is, you know, because it would have been no real mean I felt really felt us. Help us adult, you know,
ljewell: You have friends up there that you have. Well, I, I just came here relatively recently from Maine. I've been here for about seven or eight months, you know, so, you know, I'm still feeling my way about. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: That when you were in Maine, where you live in by yourself.
ljewell: Yeah. And then I moved to a group home, you know, you know, and so it was sort of assisted living you know and
ljewell: So, and that I really enjoyed that. That was nice. But then, to make a long story short, what happened is that
ljewell: I suffered some injuries where I wasn't able to transfer myself and you have to rely below the reasons you have to at least be able to transfer yourself, you know, and I'm in a wheelchair. And so I wasn't able to, and so they had to
ljewell: You know discharged from there you know group home.
Are you doing
ljewell: Oh, I'm sorry.
Shawn Phalen: Are you doing group.
ljewell: Oh yes, I am. Okay. How do you like this, you'd like to. Good. Good. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: So are you feeling like you want to have individual therapy. Are you feeling like you wanted to do the group.
ljewell: I think I can be through the groups. And I also am seeing a therapist. I'm you know here in person, but now it's going to be telephone because of you know the open door. I mean, the cool on a virus. Okay, perfect. Yeah.
Shawn Phalen: I mean, you seem like you're doing well and you get here and get period. Thank you. Thank you.
ljewell: You're now you're you're very nice, you know, you know, you're so young, you know,
Shawn Phalen: So I think that I think you're right. I mean, and obviously if you're seeing another therapist, then you can't do
ljewell: Right, right.
ljewell: Perfect. And you know they do you mind if I just want to check on something, I'll be just a second. Okay.
ljewell: Sean Yeah. Hi, I was just
ljewell: I was wondering, um,
ljewell: Perhaps someone is my with my mom that's going to get rough. I know. I mean, intellectually, I'm aware of that, but emotionally. I'm not really i'm not to me. I'm having dreams. Now I
ljewell: Know, that's something that's scaring the bejesus out of me. I've been having horrible dreams like every night.
ljewell: And I'm so scared to go to sleep because it always happens when I'm first dose and then I wake up and I'm go out for cigarette immediately and that's my only real addiction. At this time, but it's a strong one.
ljewell: Right addiction to cigarettes and my family's dead dead against it and it's caused some fights with my sister and myself and my brother in law myself. I don't need that. I've got to give up smoking.
ljewell: Have you I could, I would appreciate seeing you again.
Shawn Phalen: And you know what I would do. And I would talk to
ljewell: Your doctor. Thank you, Dr. Mary caster and through bright heart. I like her a lot. Yeah. Can you talk to
Shawn Phalen: Mary about maybe getting on Chantix or
ljewell: Chantix I'm afraid of because of that it can cause suicidal ideation and I did attempt to take my life very seriously.
ljewell: And ended up being like blighted to San Francisco. When was this. This was back in September.
Okay.
Shawn Phalen: Okay, so here's my suggestion is that you talk to marry.
ljewell: Her what's going on. Oh, Mom. She knows about my mom situation. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: To tell her tell you, having nightmares and that you want to stop smoking. What does she suggests what can she or something.
ljewell: Okay. All right. And so what do you think you could see I you know I think when you
ljewell: Send to me that you felt I was in pretty good spirits and yes I am. You know, stuttering. And, you know, and that's my normal outlook anyway.
ljewell: Um, but, uh, I think it is to go about my mom with this upcoming whole thing and you know the bad dreams. I think maybe I could use a little more one on one.
Shawn Phalen: So how often were you seeing the center therapist.
ljewell: At the open door clinic. His name is George I don't know his last name. He's on a psychologist, you know,
Shawn Phalen: So here's the thing is that
Shawn Phalen: You don't have to stay with him or you hate it come with right her into
ljewell: Individual care. Oh, I see. Okay. Well, I am. All right, how about this. Alright. So one of the other, then you won't have a chance to be able to
ljewell: Call him say tomorrow and have one more. I'm only seen him once, but I really liked and we hit it off very well and. But I also want you very much, you know, and so I'm
ljewell: You know I'm because I'm kind of a first impressionist and usually I kind of go with my gut feeling on these things. So, um, when should I give a decision.
Shawn Phalen: Why don't you do this, why don't you talk to him.
Shawn Phalen: Uh huh. And guys, have a session around it and
Shawn Phalen: You know, just, just say
Shawn Phalen: That you met with me and you know
Shawn Phalen: I said that we can't duplicate services, you know,
Shawn Phalen: Right, I would just be very truthful with him and and then make a decision after you speak with him and what you can do is always call her and schedule with me.
ljewell: All right, I understand that. Sounds good. Well, thank you.
ljewell: Alright, sounds good.
ljewell: Okay. Well, listen, I really appreciate your taking the time to speak with the I hadn't really intended to take up this much time and thank you create it and thank you so very much and have a good evening and stay healthy and, you know, thank you, Sean. Okay.
Shawn Phalen: All right, you too nice meeting you.
ljewell: Nice meeting you too. All right. Bye bye.